v1.8.5

esecuzione "in-place", direttamente sui file originali.
la gestione delle date è stata spostata tutta nella sync. prima stava nella hide pure... AI...
Non è stato possibile per ora risolvere il problema delle date di creazione e added che sono non matching. ma dato che lavoriamo sul file originale, non dovrebbe essere necessario

problemi con questo approccio:

Why "In-Place" Changes the Game
The "In-Place" mode introduces two risks that the old "Search and Seize" logic might struggle with:

Dirty Carriers: If you accidentally run the hide command twice on the same folder without resetting it, the old extractor would find the first %%EOF, but then it would grab the first payload plus the second payload. The extraction would fail because the XOR/ZIP logic would see doubled data.

Non-Standard PDFs: Some PDFs (especially those saved by Acrobat or linearized for the web) can have multiple %%EOF markers throughout the file due to "Incremental Updates." The old extractor might grab a chunk of actual PDF data by mistake if it latches onto the wrong marker.

-----

prima installazione su windows. però prima meglio sistemare la versione mac os prima di fare il porting
bisogna centralizzare il log

password to carrier_key.txt
rifinire ulteriormente i nomi dei tools, cominciano tutti per pdf_
Ora di trovare un nome carino a questo tool
Steganography Pipeline?

Unrepository - hide your repository out of github and the like - no more outside control, just your control
Avoid IP theft, AI scraping, unwanted exploits, hacks and viruses, or simply your source code pollution - unrepo it!
By hiding your repo inside a swate of carrier files (pdf files, actually) and protecting it with ciphering and file shuffling (an attacker need to know the actuale file sequence to rebuild your repo, otherwise is fileno factorial attempts to solve... not even a quantic computer can do) you'll avoid any of those problems
Unrepo it!
Use AI to break AI - this tool has been coded with Gemini by a more than 30 year software developer as a proof of work about how AI can be used against AI itself - by hiding code you prevent AI scraping and have your IP in a safe state. Indeed AI scraping violates IP property and is a crime under copyright laws all over the world (except US bc of fair use, an highly opinionated law)
Use with any kind of data - not only your repo. Save your data and your secrets.

No more maiden's attack - use it in unsafe environment to protect your work. Whoever puts the hands on your carrier files, is not going to make anything out of them without the carrier list and carrier keys, no matter what

nota la linea 164 in pdf_hide
all_pdfs = [os.path.join(r, f) for r, _, fs in os.walk(args.hide_carrier) for f in fs if f.lower().endswith(".pdf")]
così si pigliano solo i pdf, eventuali carriers futuri sono esclusi

-----

togliere l'ordine alfabetico se ancora esiste

possibili (v2.0)

generazione di pdf sintetici, con contenuti presi da internet
aggiungi sha256 oltre all xor, per maggiore robustezza
check caratteri cinesi

non pensare neanche lontanamente di mettere sta cosa online, le cause fioccherebbero...
